  INDEX METHODOLOGY


PHLX SEMICONDUCTOR SECTOR T M INDEX
SOX T M

INDEX DESCRIPTION
The PHLX Semiconductor Sector Index (the “Index”) is designed to measure the performance of the 30
largest US-listed semiconductor companies.


SECURITY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA
To qualify for index inclusion, securities must meet the following Security Eligibility Criteria, which are
applied as of the Reconstitution Reference Date.


Security Types
Security types generally eligible for the Index include common stocks, ordinary shares, American
Depositary Receipts (ADRs), shares of beneficial interest and limited partnership interests.


Multiple Securities Per Issuer
One security per issuer is permitted. If an issuer has multiple securities, the security with the largest
market capitalization will be considered for possible inclusion into the Index.


Listing Exchanges
A security must be listed on a U.S. exchange as defined in the Nasdaq Eligible Exchanges.


Geographies and Countries
There are no specific geographic requirements for index inclusion, however:
A security of a non-US company represented by an ADR may be included in the Index at less than its full
global market capitalization. For index purposes, the market capitalization of an ADR will be determined
based on the underlying shares on deposit at, and according to, the US depositary bank, adjusted by the
ADR ratio.



                                                                                                              1
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Industries and Sectors
The security must be classified under the Semiconductors Subsector or Production Technology
Equipment Subsector according to the Industry Classification Benchmark (ICB), a product of FTSE
International Limited that is licensed for this use.


Market Capitalization
A security must have a minimum market capitalization of $100 million.


Liquidity
A security must have traded at least 1.5 million shares in each of the six calendar months up to and
including the month containing the Reconstitution Reference Date.


Seasoning
A security must have been traded for at least three months prior to the Reconstitution Reference Date.


Other Eligibility Criteria
The security must have listed options on a registered options market in the U.S. or be eligible for listed
options trading on a registered options market in the U.S.
The security may not be issued by an issuer currently in bankruptcy proceedings.
If, at index reconstitution, Nasdaq becomes aware that an issuer or security will soon undergo a
fundamental change that makes it ineligible, Nasdaq will remove the security from consideration. This
includes entering into a definitive merger or acquisition agreement or other pending arrangement that
would make it ineligible for index inclusion, or a filing of bankruptcy or similar protection from creditors.


CONSTITUENT SELECTION

Constituent Selection Process
An index reconstitution is conducted annually based on the Reconstitution Reference Date.
The Index selects the 30 largest eligible securities by market capitalization.




                                                                                                             2
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CONSTITUENT WEIGHTING

Constituent Weighting Scheme
The Index is a modified market capitalization-weighted index.


Constituent Weighting Process
An index rebalance is conducted quarterly based on the Rebalance Reference Date.
Index Securities’ initial weights are determined by dividing each Index Security's market capitalization by
the aggregate market capitalization of all Index Securities.
These initial weights are then adjusted to meet the following weight constraints, resulting in the final
weights:
     •    The weights of the top three (3) Index Securities by market capitalization, may not exceed 12%,
          10%, 8%, respectively. The weight of a top three (3) Index Security is only adjusted downward if
          it exceeds its respective constraint.
     •    The individual weights of other Index Securities may not exceed 4%; only the top three (3) may
          exceed this constraint.
Should any Index Security’s weight exceed its respective constraint, the excess weight is proportionally
redistributed to the lower weighted Index Securities by market capitalization. This redistribution is done
iteratively, following the sequence outlined above, until all Index Securities are at or below their
respective constraints.
For additional information about index weighting, see Nasdaq Index Weight Calculations guide.


INDEX CALENDAR

Reconstitution & Rebalancing Schedule


 Reconstitution Frequency                            Annually
 Rebalance Frequency                                 Quarterly

 Reconstitution Reference Dates                      Last trading day of July

                                                     After the close on the sixth trading day prior to
 Reconstitution Announcement Dates
                                                     the Reconstitution Effective Date
                                                     At market open on the first trading day after the
 Reconstitution Effective Dates
                                                     third Friday in September
                                                     Last trading day of February, May, August, and
 Rebalance Reference Dates
                                                     November, respectively



                                                                                                             3
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                                     After the close on the sixth trading day prior to
 Rebalance Announcement Dates
                                                     the Rebalance Effective Date
                                                     At market open on the first trading day after the
 Rebalance Effective Dates                           third Friday in March, June, September, and
                                                     December, respectively


Holiday Schedule
The Index is calculated Monday through Friday, except on days when the US markets are closed.


Index Calculation and Dissemination Schedule
The Index is calculated during the trading day and is disseminated once per second from 09:30:01 to
17:16:00 ET. The closing value of the Index may change up until 17:15:00 ET due to corrections to the
Last Sale Price of the Index Securities.


INDEX MAINTENANCE

Deletion Policy
If, at any time other than an index reconstitution, Nasdaq determines that an Index Security has or will
undergo a fundamental alteration that would make it ineligible for index inclusion, the Index Security is
removed as soon as practicable. Such alterations may include merger, acquisition, or other major
corporate event that would otherwise adversely impact the integrity of the Index.


Replacement Policy
Securities may be added to the Index outside of an index reconstitution when there is a deletion. The
issuer with the largest market capitalization which is not in the Index and meets all security eligibility
criteria will replace the deleted security.


Corporate Actions
In the periods between scheduled index reconstitution and rebalancing events, individual Index
Securities may be subject to a variety of corporate actions and events that require maintenance and
adjustments to the Index. Specific treatment of each type of corporate action or event is described in
Nasdaq Corporate Actions and Events Manual – Equities, which is incorporated herein by reference.
In certain cases, corporate actions and events are handled according to the weighting scheme or other
index construction techniques employed. Wherever alternate methods are described, the Index will
follow the “Market Cap Corporate Action Method.”




                                                                                                             4
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Index Share Adjustments
Other than as a direct result of corporate actions, the Index does not normally experience share
adjustments between scheduled index reconstitution and rebalancing events.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Announcements
Nasdaq announces Index-related information via the Nasdaq Global Index Watch (GIW) website at
https://indexes.nasdaqomx.com/.
For more information on the general Index Announcement procedures, please refer to the Nasdaq
Index Methodology Guide.


Unexpected Market Closures
For information on Unexpected Market Closures, please refer to the Nasdaq Index Methodology Guide.


Calculation Types
For information on the Index calculation types as well as the mathematical approach used to calculate
the Index(es), please refer to the Calculation Manual – Equities & Commodities.


Recalculation and Restatement Policy
For information on the Recalculation and Restatement Policy, please refer to the Nasdaq Index
Recalculation Policy.


Data Sources
For information on data sources, please refer to the Nasdaq Index Methodology Guide.


Contact Information
For any questions regarding an Index, please contact the Nasdaq Index Client Services team at
indexservices@nasdaq.com.


Index Dissemination
Index values and weightings information are available through Nasdaq Global Index Watch (GIW)
website at https://indexes.nasdaqomx.com/ as well as the Nasdaq Global Index FlexFile Delivery Service
(GIFFD) and Global Index Dissemination Services (GIDS). Similar to the GIDS offerings, Genium
Consolidated Feed (GCF) provides real-time Index values and weightings for the Nordic Indexes.



                                                                                                        5
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
For more detailed information regarding Index Dissemination, refer to the Nasdaq Index Methodology
Guide.


Website
For further information, refer to Nasdaq GIW website at https://indexes.nasdaqomx.com/.


FTP and Dissemination Service
Index values and weightings are available via FTP on the Nasdaq Global Indexes FlexFile Delivery Service
(GIFFD). Index values are available via Nasdaq’s Global Index Dissemination Services (GIDS).


GOVERNANCE
All Nasdaq Indexes are managed by the governance committee structure and have transparent
governance, oversight, and accountability procedures for the Index determination process. For further
details on the Index Methodology and Governance overlay, refer to the Nasdaq Index Methodology
Guide.


GLOSSARY OF TERMS AS USED IN THIS DOCUMENT
For the glossary of key terms, please refer to the Nasdaq Index Methodology Guide.




                                                                                                        6
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
APPENDIX A: METHODOLOGY CHANGE LOG

   Effective        Methodology                            Previous                                       Updated
     Date             Section

   7/6/2026       Security Eligibility   A security must be listed on the Nasdaq         A security must be listed on a U.S.
                      Criteria:          Stock Market, the New York Stock                exchange as defined in the Nasdaq
                                         Exchange, NYSE American, or the CBOE            Eligible Exchanges.
                  Listing Exchanges
                                         Exchange.
                                                                                         Note: This update includes the treatment
                                                                                         of TXSE as an eligible U.S. exchange.

  4/22/2024          Constituent         SOX employs a two-stage weight                  Index Securities’ initial weights are
                     Weighting:          adjustment scheme.                              determined by dividing each Index
                                                                                         Security's market capitalization by the
                     Constituent         Index Securities’ initial weights are
                                                                                         aggregate market capitalization of all
                      Weighting          determined by dividing each Index
                                                                                         Index Securities.
                       Process           Security's market capitalization by the
                                         aggregate market capitalization of all          These initial weights are then adjusted to
                                         Index Securities.                               meet the following weight constraints,
                                                                                         resulting in the final weights:
                                         Stage 1:
                                                                                              •    The weights of the top three (3)
                                         Initial index weights are adjusted to meet
                                                                                                   Index Securities by market
                                         the following Stage 1 constraint,
                                                                                                   capitalization, may not exceed
                                         producing the Stage 1 weights:
                                                                                                   12%, 10%, 8%, respectively. The
                                              •     No Index Security weight may                   weight of a top three (3) Index
                                                    exceed 8%.                                     Security is only adjusted
                                                                                                   downward if it exceeds its
                                         Stage 2:
                                                                                                   respective constraint.
                                         Stage 1 weights are adjusted to meet the             •    The individual weights of other
                                         following Stage 2 constraints, producing                  Index Securities may not exceed
                                         the final weights:                                        4%; only the top three (3) may
                                         For Index Securities with the five largest                exceed this constraint.
                                         market capitalizations, Stage 1 weights are     Should any Index Security’s weight exceed
                                         maintained.                                     its respective constraint, the excess
                                                                                         weight is proportionally redistributed to
                                              •     For all other Index Securities, no
                                                                                         the lower weighted Index Securities by
                                                    weight may exceed 4%.
                                                                                         market capitalization. This redistribution is
                                         The final weights meet the following            done iteratively, following the sequence
                                         constraints:                                    outlined above, until all Index Securities
                                                                                         are at or below their respective
                                              •     No Index Security weight may
                                                                                         constraints.
                                                    exceed 8% of the index; five may
                                                    exceed 4%.                           For additional information about index
                                                                                         weighting, see Nasdaq Index Weight
                                         For additional information about index
                                                                                         Calculations guide.
                                         weighting, see Nasdaq Index Weight
                                         Calculations guide.




                                                                                                                                      7
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
   Effective        Methodology                         Previous                                      Updated
     Date             Section

  4/22/2024            Index           If the change in TSO arising from other       Other than as a direct result of corporate
                    Maintenance:       corporate events, as defined in Nasdaq        actions, the Index does not normally
                                       Corporate Actions and Events Manual –         experience share adjustments between
                    Index Share
                                       Equities, is greater than or equal to 10%,    scheduled Index Rebalance and
                    Adjustments
                                       the change is made as soon as practicable.    Reconstitution events.
                                       If the change in TSO is less than 10%, then
                                       all changes are accumulated and made
                                       effective at one time on a quarterly basis
                                       after the close of trading on the third
                                       Friday in each of March, June, September
                                       and December.

                                       The Index Shares are adjusted by the
                                       same percentage amount by which the
                                       TSO has changed.




DISCLAIMER
Nasdaq may, from time to time, exercise reasonable discretion as it deems appropriate in order to
ensure Index integrity, including but not limited to, quantitative inclusion criteria. Nasdaq may also, due
to special circumstances, if deemed essential, apply discretionary adjustments to ensure and maintain
the high quality of the index construction and calculation. Nasdaq does not guarantee that any Index
accurately reflects future market performance.
Neither Nasdaq, Inc., its third-party providers, nor any of their respective affiliates (collectively
“Corporations”) make any recommendation to buy or sell any security or any representation about the
financial condition of any company. Investors should undertake their own due diligence and carefully
evaluate companies before investing. The information contained herein is provided for informational
and educational purposes only, and nothing contained herein should be construed as investment advice,
either on behalf of a particular security or an overall investment strategy. ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES
PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED.




                                                                                                                                  8
INDEX METHODOLOGY | © Copyright 2026, Nasdaq, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
